Bump jackson dependency version to v2.14.1 (#90)
guyboertje/jrjackson: changelog.md

v0.4.17

>   Bump jackson and jackson-databind to v2.13.4.2

Author: ```suggestion
  Bump jackson and jackson-databind to v2.14.1
```
